getting someone's name wrong	Non
calling someone honey	Non
reference to fema	Non
threatened with a spear	Non
fetal ultrasound	Non
hand on knee	Non
one eyed boy	Non
gun held to head	Non
obstetrician	Non
calling someone an idiot	Non
deal	Non
covered in blood	Non
spear	Non
stabbed in the throat	Non
woman punching a man	Non
stabbed in the stomach	Non
assassination attempt	Non
murder	Non
broken arm	Non
strangulation	Non
punched in the face	Non
doctor	Non
stabbed to death	Non
stabbed in the head	Non
rescue	Non
crushed by a car	Non
pregnant woman	Non
recreational vehicle	Non
baby	Non
flashback	Non
close up of eyes	Non
necklace	Non
bare chested male	Non
interracial kiss	Non
character repeating someone else's dialogue	Non
