gargling	Non
reference to isaac newton	Non
reference to elton john	Non
reference to jay z	Non
woman wearing a negligee	Non
playing tuba	Non
whiteboard	Non
reference to nikola tesla	Non
reference to thomas edison	Non
reference to empedocles	Non
reference to pythagoras	Non
metaphor	Non
humming	Non
passionate kiss	Non
tie clip	Non
character says i love you too	Non
character says i love you	Non
avogadro constant	Non
mathematical equation	Non
picking nose	Non
reference to jackson pollock	Non
reference to the beach boys	Non
close up of eye	Non
some scenes animated	Non
neuron	Non
reference to vincent van gogh	Non
reference to bobby fischer	Non
reference to brian wilson	Non
selfie video	Non
prank	Non
workshop	Non
reference to leonard nimoy	Non
reference to elvis presley	Non
equation	Non
white board	Non
